Address Reviewer 3's comments (#90)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/response-to-reviewers.md

## Review 3

> This is an important reflective effort to undertake, and I am glad that it was performed. The analysis on the whole seems reasonable.  It would be good to see more citations of this type of work in other disciplines and a comparison of the results here to what has been found in other scientific organizations. It also seems that the work could have been a bit more statistically rigorous in spots, and it would be nice to see more analysis of non-Asian ethnicities.

We agree with the reviewer that it is important to perform analyses of non-Asian ethnicities. 

> We did break down the analysis for other groups in one [analysis notebook](https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/10.predict-race.html#sup_fig_s2), but it is difficult to come to a definite conclusion due to the small sample size. However, our new affiliation analysis at the country level helps complement the previous analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We did break down the analysis for other groups in one [analysis notebook](https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/10.predict-race.html#sup_fig_s2), but it is difficult to come to a definite conclusion due to the small sample size.
However, our new affiliation analysis at the country level helps complement the previous analyses.
```

> We have also included all relevant literature we could find on the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have also cited the relevant literature we could find on the topic.
```

> p. 3, paragraph 2: research advisors don't seem to be the best proxy for senior faculty who would be invited for keynotes or honored as fellows

We did not make this point clear.

> What we meant was to contrast advisors with their trainees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What we meant was to contrast advisors with their trainees as the authors on a specific paper.
```

Reviewer: I don't like this wording, but you had a point where you noted that what we were trying to do was ask: "who is in the type of position that would be keynote eligible _within_ the paper's authors" and I didn't think the current phrasing here conveyed that.

> p. 4, paragraph 2: It would be great to see citations for Genderize, especially ones that provide insights on accuracy/reliability.  It would also be nice to know how inclusive this app is in terms of names from across the world.  Without that, the 1578 missing forenames could be biased by any bias in this app.  This discussion is had with respect to wru lower down on the page, so it's natural to provide this standard here.

Discussion at <https://github.com/greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript/issues/52>

> p. 4, paragraph 4: The terms "race" and "ethnicity" are used in the paper, but there isn't really a definition of these terms in terms of categories.  It would be nice to see that explicitly laid out, perhaps with a citation.

We appreciate the reviewer for pointing out this oversight.
In the revised manuscript, we have referenced guidance from the census and make it clearer in the **Estimation of Race and Ethnicity** subsection of the **Methods** section.
Please see discussion at <https://github.com/greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript/issues/53>.

> p. 4, paragraph 4: Why is using the average demographic distribution a reasonable assumption to make?

> It is not, and we modified modified the function to return NAs as to not use average demographic distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not.
We had exactly the same concerns when we performed the work so we modified the function to return NAs so as to not use average demographic distribution.
```

> We have made clarification in the **Estimation of Race and Ethnicity** subsection of the **Methods** section of the revised manuscript:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have clarified the **Estimation of Race and Ethnicity** subsection of the **Methods** section of the revised manuscript:
```
